(feat) 3.4.3.1 changelog (#6651)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

### Features
#### Core
* A unique Request ID is now populated in the error log, access log, error templates, log serializer, and in a new X-Kong-Request-Id header (configurable for upstream/downstream using the `headers` and `headers_upstream` configuration options).
 [#7207](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7207)

#### Plugins
* [**AWS Lambda**](/hub/kong-inc/aws-lambda) (`aws-lambda`): The AWS-Lambda plugin has been refactored by using `lua-resty-aws` as an underlying AWS library. The refactor simplifies the AWS-Lambda plugin code base and adds support for multiple IAM authenticating scenarios.
 [#7079](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7079)

### Fixes
#### Configuration
* Respect custom `proxy_access_log`.
 [#7436](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7436)

#### Core
* Print error message correctly when plugin fails.
 [#7079](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7079)
* Fixed `ldoc` intermittent failure caused by LuaJIT error.
 [#7491](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7491)
* Fixed Vault's try function to avoid using semaphore in non-yieldable phases.
 [#7114](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7114)

> * Vault references can be used in Dbless mode in declarative config. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Vault references can be used in DB-less mode in declarative config. 
```

 [#7483](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7483)

#### PDK

> * Fix a bug related to data interference between requests in the kong.log.serialize function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug related to data interference between requests in the `kong.log.serialize` function.
```

 [#7327](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7327)

#### Plugins

> * [**AWS Lambda**](/hub/kong-inc/aws-lambda) (`aws-lambda`): Cache the AWS lambda service by those lambda service related fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**AWS Lambda**](/hub/kong-inc/aws-lambda) (`aws-lambda`): Cached the AWS lambda service by those lambda service related fields.
```

 [#7079](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7079)

* [**TCP Log**](/hub/kong-inc/tcp-log) (`tcp-log`): Fixed an issue of unnecessary handshakes when reusing TLS connection.
 [#7114](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7114)

> * [**OAS Validation**](/hub/kong-inc/oas-validation/) (`oas-validation`): Fixed a bug where the plugin throws a runtime error caused by the ref parameter schema not being dereferenced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [**OAS Validation**](/hub/kong-inc/oas-validation/) (`oas-validation`): Fixed a bug where the plugin throws a runtime error when the ref parameter schema isn't dereferenced.
```

 [#7543](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7543)

* [**Rate Limiting**](/hub/kong-inc/rate-limiting/) (`rate-limiting`): Fixed an issuer where all counters are synced to the same DB at the same rate.
 [#7314](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7314)

### Performance
#### Configuration

> * Bumped `dns_stale_ttl` default to 1 hour so stale DNS record can be used for longer time in case of resolver downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bumped `dns_stale_ttl` default to 1 hour so the stale DNS record can be used for a longer amount of time in case there's resolver downtime.
```
